All right next one 19 we have three identical resistors are connected to each other in these four different
combinations so let's just say each one of them has a value are which of the given circuits now has
the greatest resistance.
All right.
Well this one is kind of straightforward.
Should it be able to answer it right away.
Should be able to answer this one if you have three in series that's always going to be bigger than
anything you're going to do with a parallel combination.
You know that in this case here you're going to get 3R is going to be the equivalent resistance if you
did this one over here.
Well think about what you'd get if I write it out as one over our equivalent.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to have one over our plus one over our last one over.
Are you going to have three of those.
So at the end what you're going to end up getting is are over three or both that that's going to be
the equivalent resistance for the first combination and if you do the other two combinations again now
if you multiply these ones multiply them and divide it by two.
All right.
You could first start by simplifying both of those.
And what you're going to get here again if you multiply both of those you get are squared divided by
two are.
So for both of those you get are over two.
And then here you have to add this guy.
This one here as in series.
So the total equivalent resistance for the fourth branch over here becomes r plus R over 2 which is
three halfs are still smaller than the three are now you're going to redo this one here.
Again when you're going to end up getting somewhere in between.
So go ahead and do that one but it's really three is the only one that's going to give you the largest
resistance for this one for this middle one here what you would do again.
First you combine both of those both of those are in series.
So combined both of those These will be equal to two are.
And then I have to are that is in parallel with one resistance.
Our Go ahead and calculate the equivalent one you'll still find.
This one's the biggest problem.
Twenty says a wire of resistance are dissipates power.
When is a current that goes through it.
The wire is replaced by another wire now that has three times the resistance.
The power dissipated by the new wire when the same current goes through it.
Let me highlight that.
That's kind of important.
All right is what.
Well do kind of case one versus case 2.
This is a comparison we know were given the value of the resistance and the current probably the best
way to write it simply are squared.
All right.
So what happens over here while the power for Case number two P2 What's the value of the resistance.
It's three times the resistance.
So what they told us and the problem now the key point here is that so they've changed the voltage here
obviously than in the other case because what we want is the same current passing through it.
If the same current passes through it we still get just simply I.
So at the end of the day this one here P2 is simply three times P1
three times.
So does the correct answer for this one.